welcome to this edition of the our blog
as you can see real men love strawberry
milk wookie finds it absolutely delicious
we ran out of tea in the
And a small refrigerator,
so we're substituting.
And my friend is a big fan.
I am Yara.
This is another episode of Appalling
Twistianity.
And here in the Rainbow Studio,
we were considering what Yahowah had to say
about those who respect and revere his
testimony, his covenant, his Towrah,
and
consider that in contrast to paul's uh
annulment of it and his disparagement of
the Towrah calling the Towrah pornography in
his opening statement in the first chapter
of galatians so this uh continues to read
as we uh conclude our recitation of the
twenty-fifth ms more
A very close and intimate fellowship with
Yahowah is certain for those who respect
and revere him.
And his family-oriented covenant
relationship he makes known to him through
Yada.
Now, speaking of Tob, good,
there is another insight from the man
Yahowah said was Tsadaq right,
and that would be Dowd.
It reads,
And then I encourage you to consider
acting and acting upon and engaging in
that which is good, beneficial, moral,
agreeable, generous, and pleasing.
As a result, and live forever.
This is Mizmowr Psalm thirty-seven,
twenty-seven.
In other words,
God's view of his Towrah guidance is the
antithesis.
I wonder who's right when God and Paul
disagree, as they do on everything.
Who do you suppose is right?
I'd put my money on Yahowah.
I'll put my money on Yahowah.
I'd put my soul on Yahowah.
A bit more comprehensive illustration
regarding the enduring merits of Yahowah's
Towrah is advanced in the Fortieth Mizmowr
Psalm.
And once again,
these lyrics were scribed by a man whose
name means beloved.
He was the Messiah.
He was the Son of God.
He was our Savior.
This is Dowd.
If you want God to view you similarly,
well, this would be very good advice.
At that time, I shared, beloved,
I am coming with the scroll
of the written document which was
dedicated and dictated scribed on my
behalf regarding the work that you have
done and will do to accept me god
i genuinely want and willingly accept this
that's psalm he's going to designate that
scroll as the tour in his next breath
but think of that so at that time
i shared behold
I am coming with the scroll of the
written document which is dictated and
scribed on my behalf regarding the work
that you have done and will do to
accept me.
I genuinely want and willingly accept
this.
He's speaking of the Towrah.
This is the Messiah.
This is the Son of God.
This is our Savior.
This is the former and returning King.
this is the chosen one and he said
he is coming with a written document that
was scribed on his behalf that explains
the work that Yahowah has done and will
do to accept him not reject him not
condemn him not punish him accept him and
he genuinely wants and is willing
To accept this, your Towrah,
your instruction and teaching,
your guidance and direction is within the
midst of my inner nature.
I have proclaimed the good news of
vindication as a result of being right.
fairly and accurately responsibly honestly
and correctly in the great assembly and
esteemed community behold my lips have not
restrained Yahowah well
The man that God called right,
the man that God said he personally
anointed as his Messiah,
the only person that God said,
he is my son, I am his father,
says that he's arriving before Yahowah,
which would be in Shamaym heaven,
carrying the Towrah,
which was inscribed so that he would be
accepted.
Well,
this absolutely unequivocally annuls
Christianity.
It rips Paul's ridiculous thesis apart and
tosses it in the trash.
You can kiss your New Testament goodbye.
Throw it away.
Burn it up.
Get rid of it.
If you want to encounter God,
if you want to enter heaven,
if you want to benefit from the Messiah
and the Son of God,
you'd better grasp hold of his Towrah and
read his instructions and teaching,
his guidance and direction,
and then make it part of your inner
nature, just as did Doug.
It's the Towrah, which is the good news.
It is the good news of vindication,
not Paul's, but I Paul say,
not the gospel of grace.
This in itself,
just one statement is more than sufficient
to completely obliterate every ounce of
credibility claimed by the Christian
religion.
It's lethal for Judaism too,
because it elevates Dowd to a very special
status and uses Yahowah's name.
You yourself know,
you respect and acknowledge, you Yada,
that I have not hidden or concealed your
means to achieve righteous vindication by
being correct in the nature of my
thinking.
You want to meet God as Dowd has
done?
You think your way to him.
And the key thing is not what you
believe.
It's being right.
If you are not correct,
you are not vindicated.
And what is the first step you must
take in being right?
You must yada.
You must come to know.
I have spoken about your trustworthiness
and your reliable nature, your Emunah,
and your salvation and your deliverance,
Yeshua.
So much for the Towrah can't save.
Isn't that the mantra of pathetic Paul,
which is why he created his new religion
and his mythical Jesus,
his man-god who's so anemic men can kill
him?
Well, Dowd says,
I have spoken about your trustworthiness.
He's speaking to Yahowah and your reliable
nature and your salvation and deliverance,
Yahowah.
I have not hidden or concealed your mercy
or your integrity,
your honest and steadfast reliability on
behalf of the esteemed community and the
great assembly.
Psalm forty eleven.
Yahowah, you will not withhold your love.
or your favoritism, your affection,
mercy from me, your unfailing devotion,
love, and favoritism.
Moreover, your integrity, honesty,
and trustworthiness continually protect me
from harm, and they spare my life,
for indeed, you are surrounding me,
providing a covering for me, God.
Ms.
Moore, forty-two, twelve.
The very fact that Yahowah is trustworthy
and reliable means that the Talmud and New
Testament and Quran are absolute trash.
They contradict him in every possible way.
A God whose testimony has to be
contradicted, ignored, replaced, changed,
upended is not one who has any integrity,
honesty, trustworthiness,
is capricious he is the opposite of
everything that anyone who has ever come
to know Yahowah has to say about him
therefore the god of the Towrah prophets
and psalms is not the god of the
new testament talmud or quran they are
capricious deities that change everything
you cannot trust a god by any name
who changes what he has previously stated
and reneges on his earlier promises.
But that is the heart and soul,
the darkness that lurks within
Christianity, Islam, and Judaism.
For the entire duration of time,
evil and wrongdoing will not be counted
against me, and I will not witness them,
though they are more numerous than I have
hairs on my head.
Why did he say that?
Did it tell you that he wasn't going
bald?
I don't think so.
What he is doing is completely repudiating
Pauline Christianity,
which is the only form of the religion.
Paul created the religion.
He created Jesus Christ.
The first fourteen books in the Christian
New Testament were written by Paul,
who even admitted that he was
demon-possessed.
included all manner of rational fallacies
in his letters,
copious contradictions even of himself,
never a single accurate citation from
Yahowah,
not even a mention of Yahowah's name.
He didn't even quote one thing from his
mythical Jesus.
And he claimed that if you have a
single failing
Within the Towrah,
you miss one of its rules, you're dead.
That the Towrah condemns you based upon
getting one thing wrong,
and every Christian that's ever read the
New Testament knows it.
It's irrefutable.
That's what Paul claimed.
Doe just said the opposite.
You carry around the Psalms as if they
were inspired by God, and they were.
And they just annulled the number one
theme of your New Testament.
that the Towrah condemns,
and if you're guilty of a single violation
of it, you're guilty of the entire thing,
and there is no remedy for you.
That's the basis of Christianity.
And this says that Dowd,
which is a correct assessment,
made more mistakes than he had hairs on
his head,
and yet there wasn't a single one of
them.
that would be counted against him,
not for the entire duration of time.
And if you are a practicing Jew or
you are a Christian,
you don't have a clue that this statement
annuls your religion,
nor do you have any idea as to
how Dowd was in a position to make
this claim.
What caused his numerous mistakes,
wrongdoing,
To be absolved and not seen,
never counted against him through all of
time.
He's Zadok.
Well, he's Zadok.
That's not the answer.
But he is Zadok.
Shocker that I missed that.
Yeah, shocker.
It's because he carried everything he ever
did wrong, would do wrong, has done wrong,
and every member of the covenant family
has done wrong, could do wrong,
would do wrong into Sheowl,
and he deposited it there on Matsah.
Therefore...
when he carried our guilt, our wrongdoing,
and he placed it all in Sheowl,
which is the equivalent of a black hole
where nothing escapes throughout all of
time, and it's all there, guess what?
There isn't a single mistake,
not a single act of wrongdoing that can
be held against us because they're all
gone.
It's the most ingenious way to enable us
us to appear not guilty before God.
We are innocent, acquitted,
Why?
Because our guilt's all carried away.
That's exactly what Doe did.
He knew from the Towrah that the purpose
of unyeasted bread was to remove this
fungus of yeast such that it would never
be associated with our souls again.
And he realized that he himself would
fulfill Matsah,
being the soul that carried it all away,
his and ours.
That's the answer.
Oh, guess what?
The gospel Jesus doesn't do.
He was napping during Matsah.
Yep, just napping because, well,
even though there was no correlation to
Passover, couldn't have been, of course,
on his crucifixion,
which annuls the only gateway,
the only doorway to life.
You want to live by a sacrificial death.
It had better be the lamb on Passover
or it's worthless according to God.
And yet you want to estrange his
crucifixion,
which didn't actually occur because he is
a myth.
And then you want, from Passover,
and then you want him to be napping
in the grave.
Well, you know, that crucifixion thing,
it was hurtful.
So he needed a nap before he could,
you know, get up and be resurrected,
of course.
So he was napping.
No, Dowd was not napping.
The actual Messiah carried our guilt and
his into Sheowl, depositing it there,
never to be seen again.
And guess what is never mentioned in the
New Testament?
which means there can be no salvation in
the New Testament.
Oops, that's the answer.
So my heart and judgment are restored,
accepting and delighted with Yahowah,
saving me.
Yahowah is prepared and ready,
even excited about helping and supporting
me, influencing and assisting me, Ezra.
are so many variations of ezra that are
written throughout the Towrah and prophets
and psalms and what it says is that
when it's first used that woman was
created to ezra man support influence
assist help and throughout the Towrah we
find that
God is here to influence and assist,
help and support us,
just as Dowd wrote in this Ms.
Moore song.
That's a father helping his children.
The most interesting, I think,
use of Ezra in the
inspired works of Yahowah is in the
eighty-ninth Mizmowr.
It's something that within a week or so
I'll reach in our library studio as we
are
returning to the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr and
considering how it was revealed,
when it was revealed, why it was revealed,
and what the result of it was.
But there we're told explicitly that God
would deploy two individuals that he had
come to know,
and accepted, tested,
and shown to be reliable,
and that he would deploy two of them
in the most remarkable way.
And their purpose would be to Ezra Dowd.
And to restore that relationship.
Because Dowd ultimately made a really,
really big goof.
And he and Yahowah were incommunicado for a
while.
And God came up with the most ingenious
way of resolving that.
And that's the message of the last Mashal,
the thirty-first proverb.
As well as the eighty-ninth Psalm.
And we will share that with you.
But I want you to know that it's
Yahowah.
who is the one Ezra, who is supporting,
assisting, and helping Dowd.
Like Yahowah,
I would rather listen to Dowd than Sha'uwl,
Paul,
and nothing has changed in three thousand
years.
So let's consider one last word of advice,
some of which also appeared in a previous
chapter that I shared on this program.
This next morsel of guidance comes from
the Towrah itself.
Moshe is summarizing what he has learned
for our benefit.
And the great liberator says,
that which is undisclosed is for Yahowah,
our God.
Those things which are revealed and made
known belong to us and are for our
children eternally and forever to act upon
and to conduct our lives in accordance
with all of the words of this Towrah.
This signed, written,
and enduring way of treating people
giving us the means to explore, to seek,
and to find,
then choose the source from which
instruction, teaching, guidance,
and direction flow,
that provides answers which facilitate our
restoration and return,
even our response and reply to that which
is good, pleasing, beneficial, favorable,
healing, and right,
and that which causes us to be loved,
to become acceptable, and to endure,
purifying and cleansing us.
so as to provide an opportunity to change
our thinking, our attitude, and direction.
That is a definition of Towrah from all
of its component parts and related words.
This was written in Dabarym words,
Deuteronomy, twenty-nine, twenty-nine.
It also happens to be
The very chapter that Moshe prophetically
reveals the arrival of the Nakry,
the observant foreigner who will appear
before the earth is rendered scorched,
probably a nuclear holocaust.
as a direct result of it descending into
the conditions that were experienced in
Sodom and Gomorrah.
It says that the Nakry will arrive in
the last days to liberate Yisrael from
itself,
to resolve the religiosity of God's people
before it is too late.
You're listening to the Nakar now.
Indeed, truly and surely,
you should listen to
the voice, the call,
the invitation and the summons of Yahowah
your God, for the purpose of observing,
closely examining and carefully
considering the terms and conditions of
his binding covenant contract and his
clearly commuted prescriptions regarding
life,
which are inscribed
in the written scroll of this, the Towrah,
the instruction and teaching,
the guidance and direction.
That is because you can actually be
transformed after changing and be restored
after returning to Yahowah, your God,
with all of your heart and thinking,
with all of your soul and consciousness.
Dabarym, thirty, ten.
For these conditions of the agreement,
which beneficially I am instructing you
this day,
they are not too difficult for you.
They're not a hardship for you,
nor are they beyond your reach.
Dabarym, thirty, eleven.
Indeed,
the exceedingly powerful and great word,
of your God,
facilitates your approach and brings you
near,
enabling you to engage in a personal
relationship as part of your speech,
as it exists in your heart,
influencing your thinking,
and to engage with, capitalize upon,
and celebrate him.
Open your eyes.
Establish this perspective and become
aware.
I am offering on your behalf and in
your presence this day an association with
the life and living and an association
that which is beneficial and productive,
but also that which is associated with the
death and with life.
that which is bad, evil, wicked, harmful,
undestructive, the body of thirty-fifteen,
because that which I am instructing and
guiding you this day is for the purpose
of you wanting to genuinely love and you
choosing to actually demonstrate your
affection in a personal and familiar
relationship so as to be closely
associated with Yahowah.
your God,
achieving this result by actually walking
in His ways.
It is also for the purpose of observing
closely,
examining and carefully considering.
his terms and conditions as they pertain
to his relationship agreement,
his clearly communicated and engraved
prescriptions of what you should do in
life to be cut into that relationship,
and his means to exercise good judgment
and justly resolve disputes,
as well as to restore your life and
keep you alive,
renewing and preserving your life
to make you great,
increasing you exponentially so that you
grow in every possible way.
In addition, Yahowah, your God,
will kneel down,
dismissing or diminishing, I should say,
himself.
Imagine that.
Yahowah your God will kneel down,
diminishing an aspect of himself, in love,
to greet, welcome, and bless you,
invoking loving favors upon you,
in the realm where relationally you are
going and will be included within,
this named place of renown,
receiving it as an inheritance.
Devatim never should have been called
Deuteronomy.
But if you turn in your heart and
your thinking away from him,
and if you do not listen and are
lured away,
and you bow down in worship to other
gods,
and you actively engage with and serve
them,
I am reporting the following message,
a warning and verdict this day that indeed
you will be utterly destroyed,
completely annihilated, ceasing to exist,
and not elongating your days upon the
earth.
I have testified repeatedly to restore and
warn you in this day with regard to
the spiritual realm,
and in association with the material world
and about life and about death.
And I have freely offered and on your
behalf, in your presence,
the blessing which restores the
relationship and also the curse of being
abated and seen as worthless.
So you should actually choose in favor of
continued living.
of life and renewal,
of nourishment and growth,
so that you and your offspring are
restored, living renewed and spared lives.
The body should not have been called
Deuteronomy.
This is acknowledged by choosing to
genuinely love,
by closely associating with Yahowah.
your god by listening to his voice and
his call and by choosing to stay
especially close to him for indeed he is
the source of your life and of renewal
and of lengthening your days enabling you
to dwell in the realm realm which Yahowah
has promised to your fathers to abraham
through Yitschaq and to jacob to give it
as a gift
to them.
The body words should never have been
called Deuteronomy.
Thirty twenty.
Yeah, with perspective,
his Towrah guidance is sufficiently clear
to guide those who are seeking to know
him.
Those who want to understand what he is
offering and what he is asking in return.
There is no correlation of any kind
between Yahowah
and anything that anyone will ever read in
Sha'uwl's, Paul's pitiful epistles.
These things are life and death.
As we open a new chapter and proceed,
we are in a better position to ascertain
the differences between Paulos'
gratia-based evangelion,
good messenger and beneficial message
which has been corrupted to gospel,
and the alternative,
that of Yahowah endowed,
the Towrah and its covenant.
And in this light,
the so-called Christian New Testament is
an irresolvable conflict.
It constantly contradicts and replaces
everything in God's word.
And therefore, it is a lie.
Since the Towrah is the ultimate in godly
documents,
we're not at liberty to change it.
at least without consequence.
And as a result,
by thinking to replace it or trash it,
as Paul does, the likes of Paul, Peter,
Mark, Luke, Matthew, and John,
obfuscate Yahowah's proven testimony,
his prophetic testimony,
his inspired testimony.
And so let's be clear,
an euangelion gospel,
can never supersede the Towrah,
much less stand alongside of it.
If you're carrying around a Bible and it
has the first five books of the Towrah,
Bare’syth, Shemowth, Qara, Bamidbar,
and Dabarym in it,
along with a New Testament,
you have nothing but a contradiction and a
book named after Babylon.
Babel and Bible are written with the exact
same letters.
Babel means to confuse,
to confound by intermixing truth and lies,
by putting a New Testament adjacent to
what's called an Old Testament when they
contradict one another.
Having introduced his second thought with,
I marvel and I am astonished,
even surprised that in this way quickly
you change,
departing and becoming disloyal apostates,
traitors away from your calling in the
name of cherish.
the graces, the cute little girls,
to a different good message and beneficial
messenger.
That was Galatians one six,
which we tore to ribbons in a previous
program.
Paul continued by contradicting himself.
Shocker.
Which does not exist differently.
Excuse me?
He just said you were traitors to him,
Galatians.
So those who were the first to hear
Paul preach rebuked him.
They completely disagreed with everything
they said.
He said they opposed him.
So the first to listen to Paul rejected
him.
Those he spoke directly to.
So why are his ridiculous words in a
religious document that is ascribed to God
when those who heard him knew he was
making a fool of himself by his own
admission?
And then he says,
you were lured away by a different gospel,
a different euangelion,
which is not really different.
Huh?
It's either different or it's the same,
which does not exist different.
If not,
perhaps some are the ones stirring you up,
confusing you,
and also wanting and proposing to change
and pervert the beneficial messenger and
the healing message of the Christu.
Christu was invented...
by Paul in the opening statement of this
letter.
Prior to that time, there was no Ayusu,
Ayusu, Ayusun.
There was no Christu, Christo,
or Christum.
The first appearance of that name and
title
was in Paul's letter to the Galatians
written in fifty-two CE.
So one could not have rejected the gospel
of Christo because it did not exist.
The first gospels would not be written for
over two decades from this point.
There was no gospel of Mark, of Matthew,
of Luke or John.
The first of them would be scribed by
Paul's pals, Mark and Luke.
And that was in seventy five CE in
Rome by two idiots who were burnishing
Paul's resume and who were not
eyewitnesses to anything.
They weren't even in the country at the
time.
And the next two, Matthew and John,
were written by imposters,
some three generations thereafter,
in places we don't even know,
and between ninety-five and a hundred CE.
I mean, you've got nothing.
There are no Gospels at this time.
And so there could not have been a
eugeleon,
of christ there wasn't even a christ prior
to his first sentence we're in galatians
one seven christ was invented in one two
or one three in that first run-on sentence
so he's lying his teeth off lying through
his tuchus and here he's saying that there
are those that would pervert the message
and the gospel of the person who never
existed
all to rebel and become traitorous towards
Paul.
So how can Paul say that you were
a traitor to me because you rejected my
euangelion, my gospel,
and you accepted the gospel of another,
which was different,
but that it wasn't different.
And yet there was one stirring you up
and confusing you by wanting and proposing
that you change and that you pervert the
gospel.
So how was it not different?
This man is an absolute numbskull.
There is nothing about him that can be
associated with God or anything good.
And
Guess what God doesn't have?
A euangelion.
God does not have, has never had,
will never have a euangelion,
which is the compound word that is
rendered as gospel,
which God doesn't have one of those
either.
Why don't you read the Towrah prophets and
Psalms and you find a gospel for me,
huh?
I'll give you a billion dollars.
You find a gospel in the Towrah, Prophets,
and Psalms.
You and Greek means either good or
beneficial or healing,
any one of those three things.
And angelion is a transliteration of the
Greek word that has been rendered in
English by just replicating the sound of
it as angels.
Yahowah has malak.
Malak are typically spiritual messengers,
although a malak can be a man.
And
What happened in the New Testament is that
rather than conveying Moloch as a title of
these spiritual messengers that Yahowah
deploys,
they changed messenger in Hebrew to
messenger in Greek, which is angelion,
message or messenger.
And rather than translating that,
because it was used as a translation,
instead it was transliterated,
so the word became a title,
and the title then became angels.
And so this is the good message of
the angels, spoken by the devil.
I mean...
There is no such thing.
So he is having a tizzy fit about
people choosing a message that is
different than his,
but that is not different than his,
that perverts his,
that has absolutely nothing to do with
God.
God has a Towrah.
God has prophets.
God has testimony.
god has words uh Yahowah has a a
covenant Yahowah has Mow'ed which are
invitations to be called out and meet god
has many aspects to his message but in
all of that the things that are important
are Towrah teaching and guidance
Mowedym,
which would be the restoring witnesses to
the everlasting testimony.
Those are the seven annual meetings with
Yahowah, also called Miqra'ey.
And he has a Beryth, a covenant.
He has chosen people that would be
Israelites and Yahuwdym.
He doesn't have a gospel.
He doesn't have a Bible.
He doesn't have scripture.
He doesn't have a gospel.
Paul is the one with the gospel.
And by the way, there was no Christ.
There is no mention of a Christ anywhere
in the Towrah, Prophets, and Psalms.
I'll let you play that game for a
billion dollars too.
Find me a Christ in the Towrah, Prophets,
and Psalms.
There's a Messiah.
But if you look at the anointed Messiah,
the one that Yahowah anointed, it's Dowd.
Jesus is never mentioned.
You've been played for a fool if you're
Christians, and you're idiots, Jews,
for not being able to impugn the
credibility of this religion.
It never should have gotten started.
But you're at fault there, too,
because you trained Paul to act like a
rabbi and to twist God's testimony to
argue against him.
That's what you did while erasing his
name.
Paul was a good rabbi.
Now this same clause was translated in the
Nestle-Allen,
twenty-seven edition with McReynolds and
English interlinear as what not is other
except not applicable.
Some are the ones troubling you and
wanting to turn across the good message of
the Christ.
I don't have a magic interpreting ring,
so I'm not going to attempt that.
Since the writing quality is so poor,
I would call that a word salad,
since Paul infrequently defines his terms,
since it required the deployment of
evidence and reason to ascertain the
distinction between Paul's position and
God's.
He has clearly contradicted and
misrepresented God's, disparaging God's,
calling God's pornography.
I suspect that the Galatians were
scratching their heads,
wondering what Paul was trying to say.
Half a breath ago,
he bemoaned that there were two distinctly
different approaches.
He was angry because so many had abandoned
his mantra for the other proposition.
Now he appears to be saying that these
two messages are not different at all.
But why the fuss if they're not different?
Other than Paul is the author of one
and somebody else is the author of the
other,
and Paul got his little feelings hurt
because he wanted to be the grand poobah.
Huh?
But...
They are only being made to appear in
discord by some unknown agitators.
But how can that be when in his
previous sentence,
he had his Lord snatching us away from
the old system?
So his system can't be associated with God
because, well,
just in the previous statement,
his Lord ripped us away from that old
system.
The one that Dowd,
who is the actual Messiah and son of
God,
acclaimed was responsible for saving him,
mind you.
Now, in spite of this,
the toxic maestro of confusion is calling
his rivals, Tarrasso, confusing.
The man responsible for the greatest
upheaval in human history said that those
who had challenged his upending of God's
message and replacement of his son, Dowd,
and his people, the Israelites,
was guilty of promoting a perversion.
I mean, the hypocrisy is so thick.
you couldn't stir it with a spoon well
typically less insane this is the tactic
politicians deploy when demeaning their
rivals projecting their faults upon their
opponents
When the party who is not actually guilty
of the crime responds to the arbitrary
attack,
the audience becomes sufficiently confused
to question those inappropriately
slandered,
leaving the actual perpetrator of the
crime unscathed.
Donald Trump is an expert at this,
and their biggest fault no longer is even
pondered or considered because it's been
projected on their foes.
That is what is occurring here.
Paul could not have been more disingenuous
if he tried.
So in these words,
we're also witnessing the insecurity of
this man,
the very trait which made him susceptible
to Satan.
Paul has thin skin, just like Trump today.
I said they had a lot in common.
He cannot tolerate a rival.
Like Trump today,
I said they had a lot in common.
He pounces on every opponent.
That would be like Trump today.
I said that they were the same,
didn't I?
Matter of fact,
they're the same because they're both
possessed by the same demon.
Every threat to his authority,
real or imagined,
must be lashed out against viciously and
condemned, just like Trump.
The liar calls others perceived as more
worthy liars and attempt to cut them down
so that he can rise above them.
Everyone is scum.
Trump's most recent,
I'm writing Supreme Court in lowercase
because I don't respect them anymore.
Yeah, they become a joke.
Because they voted against him.
It's just, it's so revolting.
The very fact that there are MAGAs tells
you just how stupid you have to be
to be a Christian since almost all MAGAs
are Christians.
And like the most insecure of men,
Paul is drawn to those who are confident,
in this case to Dowd and Moshe,
in hopes of filling the enormous void in
his own life.
But he will also turn against them as
a result of his own flawed and corrupt
character.
It is the dance which has been performed
thousands of times and in every walk of
life,
but never with the stakes this high or
this reprehensibly.
If you have never witnessed the
destructive capacity of an insecure
individual, you're fortunate.
And if, as a result,
you have not seen this character flaw
that's driving Paul's inappropriate and
angry rants against the Galatians for not
believing him, when at the very least,
I hope that you see
His words are as mean-spirited and
disingenuous as the Donald dumpster today.
This is a million miles from the Towrah.
When his introductory statement,
is set into context of Paul's life and
his writings as we know them.
It becomes obvious that Paul's message was
the only one which was completely
different from everyone else's,
including Yahowah's and Dowd's,
the prophets and the Towrah.
And considering the qualifications of the
others,
Sha'uwl's contrarian diatribe is hard to
believe.
The purpose of this epistle was to launch
a counterattack,
a defense of Paul's imagined authority
through a series of counter offenses.
Consistent with the preview presented in
the opening chapter that I shared with you
many programs ago,
Paul will continue to undermine,
to belittle and besmirch the Towrah.
separating himself and his religious
followers from father and son,
doing so to nullify their sacrifice and to
replace it with one that never occurred.
Now,
you may be wondering why I am now
so judgmental,
tearing Paul to shreds for mistakes,
both big and small,
especially since I admitted to being
fooled by him a score of years ago.
And the reasons are varied.
As I have shared initially my intent in
writing this,
and it was originally written as Question
Paul, Questioning Paul,
And then it has now become twistianity.
In fact,
I even wrote the first draft of this
and published it under the Great Galatians
debate.
I don't know, almost twenty years ago now.
So it was the Great Galatians debate.
A friend of mine in
New Zealand had read my books and sent
me a note and said, you know,
that down here we have all manner of
pastors on the radio and television that
are telling us outrightly that Paul
annulled the Towrah,
that he nailed it to the cross,
that he did away with it,
and that he did so in Galatians.
And they said, how can that be?
That's what he wrote.
And I said, you know,
I'll go find the answer to that.
And so I began this process with what
I call the Great Galatians debate.
And then over time,
that one volume became several volumes
under questioning Paul,
which is what Sha'uwl means,
to question him.
And
More recently, I've written,
expanded that to five volumes.
I could probably write twenty five volumes
on this.
It's just that it would bore the living
tar out of me after a while because
it's just so stupid.
I mean,
how much stupid can a person wallow in
before they just
Evidently,
two and a half billion can do that.
Well, they can,
but they don't know that's stupid.
And that's my job is to point out
that it's stupid.
But since I know that it's stupid,
the last thing I want to have to
do is expand it.
But anyway, it's now five volumes.
They average about seven hundred pages
apiece.
And the entire process,
all I do is I compare what Paul
said to what God said or Paul said
to what else Paul said and take Paul
to task based upon what Paul said.
Therefore,
it's the most effective way to denounce
the Christian religion, the New Testament,
Paul's letters and Paul's credibility and
Paul's invention of Jesus,
who never existed.
Apart from Paul's letters,
there would be no Jesus.
And so in all of this,
I started with small, open-minded,
and gradually came to the point where the
guy just disgusts me.
And the place where it just became
impossible to go forward,
we'll come to in our review of this.
In fact,
I've actually shared it early on just as
an introduction to all of this material.
But Paul opines that the covenant that is
prescribed in the Towrah is of the flesh
because he says that it was formed through
Hagar, a slave woman,
and therefore with Ishmael.
And therefore it is of the flesh and
it enslaves.
Well,
the fact of the matter is that Ishmael
and Hagar, his mother,
were expressly excluded from the covenant.
So rather than the covenant of the Towrah
being with Ishmael,
you'd have to be an idiot to make
that claim because God says when Abraham
says, hey, I have a great kid, Ishmael.
Can he be the one who inherits the
covenant promises?
And God said, hell no.
I didn't say hell no.
He said absolutely not, unequivocally no.
And we find out that that is because
Abraham
Yitschaq, the son Abraham had through Sarah,
would be Sarah's his wife,
would be the one who inherits the
covenant's promises.
So it is exactly the opposite of what
Paul wrote.
And so if you're inverting the truth to
make your point, you are lying.
And there was no way to resolve that.
I mean, I must have read fifty,
a hundred Christian protestations trying
to make sense of this lie,
and all they did was dig themselves in
deeper.
There is no way.
The Christian New Testament is so
unworthy, so easy to prove wrong,
so disgusting,
so filled with fallacies and
contradictions and historical inaccuracy
and errant quotations of God's testimony.
And the Gospels were written so late,
and they are written about a myth.
It's just...
And it completely corrupts everything that
God had to say,
particularly about his beloved son.
So as I shared, I started open-minded,
trying to find the differences between
Pauline doctrine and the Towrah.
And
my first attempt was trying to resolve
them and I began doing what others have
done before me.
In fact,
some have made it a religion of doing
so.
I'm looking at the posts from a Michael
Rood who has gazillions of followers on
Facebook and his whole deal is to blend
rabbinic Judaism
with the Christian New Testament.
And it's absolutely stupid.
And people believe it.
It's a, okay, Christianity is a lie.
Judaism is a lie.
Let's put them together and we'll have,
well, a really big lie.
It's astonishing what people do.
Anyway,
by blending rabbinic Judaism with Pauline
doctrine, they call themselves messianic.
But then I reached the point where I
just couldn't do it anymore.
I could no longer find any common ground.
Yeah, Wookie's right.
That tastes pretty good.
The chasm grew too large.
The conflicts were insurmountable.
And the more I looked to Yahowah for
help,
the more I found him at odds with
Paul.
In fact, Paul,
Yahowah would call Paul out by name,
six hundred and sixty-six years before he
wrote this first letter to the Galatians,
and call him the plague of death.
You're not going to find any support from
God.
Ultimately, I had to take sides.
I could either be with God or with
Paul.
Not a hard choice for me.
And while that was an easy choice,
neither Yahowah nor Dowd is ever easy on
those who corrupt their message.
Their approach is now mirrored in this
book.
God is informed, rational, relentless,
uncompromising, and especially judgmental.
Too much is at stake for any other
approach.
Also,
I suppose that I'm sympathetic to those
who believe, as I once did,
that Paul spoke for God.
I appreciate how enormously difficult it
will be for many who are listening to
this to process and accept the evidence
which is being laid before you,
probably rejected it out of hand because
you can't even imagine that your Christian
New Testament can be the will of Satan
as opposed to God.
But it's true, and it's easy to prove.
and while i make no apologies for being
judgmental i nonetheless appreciate the
fact that this approach along with the
unpopular nature of this message because
there are two and a half billion people
that believe this rot uh it's going to
turn many people away who might otherwise
have been helped if this review were not
so dismissive of paul's demonic mantra and
yet
Ultimately,
every one of us will eventually take sides
on this argument.
I have.
I've made my choice.
I'm presenting you with the information to
make yours.
You cannot have God and Paul.
You cannot have a New Testament and an
Old Testament.
You can't have the Towrah and the Gospels.
You can't have Jesus and Yahowah.
You can have the lie or the truth.
Your call.
Surprisingly,
it was not especially hard for me to
admit that I was wrong.
And I was early on.
That's one of the things that Yahowah loves
and those people he chooses to work with.
The ability to learn from our mistakes.
See,
God's not ever looking for perfection.
Perfection would be boring and it would
give absolutely no way to grow to benefit
from God's tutelage or reason to go off
and explore the universe with him.
We need to make mistakes and learn from
them.
We need to trip and fall and get
back up.
I was wrong,
I've been wrong about a great many things.
And I'm always the first to say,
you know, that assessment was inaccurate.
And then I will go on and share
with you what additional information I
have learned that would make a much more
accurate conclusion.
So it was a relief to me,
just as I hope it is for you
one day.
There is something wonderfully liberating
and reassuring
When you come to terms with Paul and
everything falls into place,
where there is no longer a collection of
odd shaped pieces,
which must be wiggled in and whittled down
to fit.
But the bottom line with all of this
is that you should not trust me any
more than you distrust Paul.
Yahowah alone is trustworthy,
as his son is as well.
Do your research, compare their testimony,
then decide,
or you can use the fact that I've
served all this up to you on a
silver platter in the four or the five
volumes of Twistianity,
all available free for your perusal at
YadaYah.com.
It's all there.
Absolute,
irrefutable proof that the Christian New
Testament is trash.
There was no Jesus.
And that Yahowah is God.
And that David is his beloved son,
our Savior.
Now, speaking of perverting,
the King James Version changed,
if not to but.
They added there and that without
justification in the text.
They ignored thelo and its meaning
entirely,
as if the verb was not even in
the text.
They wrote, turned around and changed,
was rendered,
which is what the word means,
was rendered as pervert.
And euangelion was replaced with gospel.
Then to add insult to injury,
the KJV replaced the Cairo Upsilon.
placeholder with a transliteration of a
derogatory Greek word which was not
actually written in the text and they
wrote Christ besides all of that they did
a pretty good job with but there be
some that trouble you and would pervert
the gospel of Christ
Latin Vulgate reads,
except that there are some persons who
disturb you and who want to overturn the
Evangelium Christi.
To Jerome's credit,
overturn is a literal translation of
metastropho,
and euangelium is an accurate
transliteration of euangelium.
Didn't help,
but at least they got those words right.
To help restrain or retain our footing,
the text reads,
which does not exist differently if not
conditionally or hypothetically negated
because perhaps some are the ones stirring
you up,
confusing you and also wanting and
proposing to change and pervert the
beneficial messenger and the healing
message of the Christo.
So by contrast, evidently,
feeling at liberty to write whatever they
wanted,
the New Living Translation completely
ignored the presence of euangelion in
their rendering.
You are being fooled by those who
deliberately twist the truth concerning
Christ.
Yet there was not, excuse me,
yet and yet,
Was that not their indiscretion?
Tarasso does not mean you are being
fooled.
There is no basis whatsoever for those who
deliberately,
nor is there a reference to the truth
concerning.
The placeholder is based upon Christus,
not Christos,
and it represents a useful implement,
not a Christ.
By stating that the Galatians were being
fooled by those who were deliberately
twisting the truth concerning Christ,
the New Living Translation exonerates Paul
while condemning Yahowah's witnesses.
Truth had been upended.
As you consider the third clause of the
second sentence,
keep in mind that there were two
messengers who came out of heaven,
one trustworthy, the other deceitful.
Also note the switch from Paulos as one
individual to we,
and I suspect that that is because he
wanted his audience to believe that he was
now speaking in conjunction with his God.
This is something I am particularly
attuned to because I have seen it in
Muhammad,
who also admitted to being
demon-possessed.
He not only used we's similarly throughout
the Quran,
he positioned himself as errantly and
egotistically as does Paul.
At the very least, if you...
aren't yet ready to acknowledge the
satanic influence.
Paul is elevating himself to the place
where he and his God are now speaking
with the same voice.
Furthermore, he is inferring that he,
as a messenger,
is representing heaven while stating
unequivocally that a person will be cursed
if they challenge him.
But to the contrary,
if we or a messenger out of heaven
might convey a healing messenger or
beneficial message to you,
which is approximately the same or
contrary to even positioned alongside what
we delivered as a beneficial messenger to
you, then a curse exists.
Me, me, me, me, me.
He's Donald Dumpster, Donald Dumpster,
Donald Dumpster.
Satan, Satan, Satan.
Oh, my.
If anybody challenges what I say,
even though what I'm saying is filled with
rational fallacies,
filled with internal contradictions,
historically invalid,
written like a word salad,
exceedingly egotistical,
and constantly misquotes God and
misrepresents his message,
you challenge that and you're cursed.
Well, you just got to believe, brother.
He is as bad as is Donald Trump.
They are mirror images of one another.
Stunning.
I mean,
I don't want to read that again just
because it is literally stunning that
somebody would write this and that one
person, much less two and a half billion,
would believe him.
But to the contrary, if we,
or a messenger out of heaven.
So if a messenger from heaven says
something that is similar to Paul,
contradictory to Paul,
or just set alongside what Paul says,
then a curse exists.
How is that possible?
How is it possible that Paul could say
that if a messenger out of heaven,
delivered a message set aside his or
contrary to his that a curse exists,
unless he says that the curse is on
him.
And you can't figure it out because you're
too stupid.
You're so filled with faith that your eyes
are occluded from being able to see.
Your mind is so full of S-H-I-T that
you can't think.
You're constipated mentally.
Is that the only excuse that you've got
here?
Because this is really stupid.
But to the contrary,
if we or a messenger out of heaven
might convey a healing messenger or a
beneficial message, to you,
which is approximately the same or
contrary to,
even positioned alongside what we
delivered as a beneficial messenger to
you, then a curse exists.
Galatians one eight.
It sounds like something out of Truth
Social that Trump would post.
I think Trump writes similarly.
It is.
Trump might put more capital letters.
He might have more punctuation errors,
but it'd be similar.
This not only screams insecurity,
which incidentally manifests itself as
paranoia.
with everyone else seen as a lesser form
of life and as a potential foe.
This also is delusional with an insatiable
need to be viewed as essential and right,
no matter how useless or wrong.
And this time Paul has gone so far
as to say that he and his Lord
are going to curse the opposition even if
the competitor comes out of heaven.
Okay, from this point forward,
we are a mere two sentences into Paul's
first letter,
the first that would be written on behalf
of the Christian religion,
the impetus of the Christian religion.
Christians would invoke a curse on any and
all who would question their faith.
Any opposition to Pauline doctrine would
be deemed as satanic.
And yet it was Satan speaking through his
apostle who was cursing humankind with
these words.
Funny thing in this regard.
I received a letter when I was writing
this some years ago from a Christian who
claimed that those within her community
saw me as a maniacal deceiver who was
demon possessed.
She didn't find anything in what I had
written to challenge,
and she took Paul's approach and slandered
me with an ad hominem fallacy.
And yet in reality,
Yahowah sent a messenger out of heaven to
convey his healing and beneficial message.
His name explained his purpose,
dote the beloved.
His message was in perfect harmony with
the Towrah,
making it the opposite of what is being
conveyed here in Pauline Christianity.
Therefore,
a dreadful consequence does in fact exist.
Satan was also a messenger tossed out of
heaven.
In fact,
all of Yahowah's Moloch are heavenly
representatives and spiritual messengers,
although a man can also be a Moloch,
carry a message, be an envoy.
Most are spiritual implements.
However, Dowd, like us,
is human with a body and a soul,
although he's already lived two lives and
will live a third.
that is not uncommon with those who serve
Yahowah.
Gospel Jesus is nothing more than a clever
counterfeit, a replacement, a myth,
which appears genuine and yet has no value
whatsoever.
Using Sha'uwl in this way,
the adversary has brought a curse upon
himself and upon all who are in league
with him.
Yahowah announced this decision in the
Garden of Eden,
a decade shy of
well, not just seven years,
now shy of six thousand years ago,
telling us that the serpent would be
cursed for having beguiled Chawah by
corrupting God's instructions.
The curse that the adversary brought upon
himself is now found its way into Paulus'
preamble.
It would be represented again in the
Talmud and then in the Quran.
By writing this,
Paul's intent was to render any
competitive message or messenger moot,
especially Yahowah's and those.
He wanted his audience to join him in
condemning his foes,
common religious practice,
which would include God, of course,
and his Messiah.
This is akin to Islam,
where Allah warns Muslims to be ever ready
to attack,
even slander and kill all who would be
smirched at the Islamic God's reputation
by telling the truth, of course.
So while Allah is Satan,
the wannabe God prevails by labeling his
opponents satanic and therefore confusing
the feeble-minded, as has Paul.
This duplicity confuses people because
most cannot fathom why Satan would oppose
Satan,
as he appears to do in both Christianity
and Islam.
But the moment one considers who Satan is
and they contemplate what he wants,
the answer becomes obvious.
Halal bin Shachar,
as he is named in the fourteenth chapter
of Yashayah Isaiah,
does not want to be known as ha-Satan,
the adversary,
but instead as the Lord God.
He wants to be worshiped as if he
were Elyown,
all things pursuant to the influence of
God.
Therefore, it was perfectly rational,
even clever,
for Satan to oppose his adversarial title
in texts which not only present the Lord
as a God,
but which at the same time undermine the
credibility of the real God, his nature,
his Towrah, his covenant, his people,
and his son.
When the verb euangelio is changed to a
proper noun and it becomes gospel,
as it is in the case with the
King James Version,
we're left with nothing but a curse.
But though we, or an angel from heaven,
preach any other gospel unto you than that
which we have preached unto you,
let him be accursed.
In this verse,
the author of the King James changed Allah
to but,
as if Sha'uwl selected di to begin the
sentence.
They ignored ki, which means and,
and then mistranslated ian,
which is though,
as opposed to the preposition if.
They transliterated,
which means replicated the pronunciation
of angelos as angel instead of
translating,
which means replicating the meaning of the
word as messenger.
They added preach when there is no basis
for it in the Greek.
Then they included the words, any other,
without a textual justification.
And they replaced the first euangelio as a
verb with the noun gospel.
That's about the whole thing, isn't it?
I think they pretty much perverted the
whole...
I've said that not only are the original
manuscripts,
of which there's sixty-nine from the
first, second, and third century,
manuscripts of the Christian New
Testament.
They differ, of course,
from the current text by three hundred
thousand words and a document of a hundred
and eighty-four thousand.
But while that is a word salad and
complete nonsense,
There is really no correlation between
English translations and what was written
so long ago.
It's a farce.
Anyway,
the King James then arbitrarily added
unto, than, and that,
all without textual support.
They included a second we,
rendered the second euangelio,
not as gospel this time,
but as we have preached,
inadequately representing the word rather
than replacing it.
They added another unto without textual
support,
and then they included the pronoun him as
if Sha'uwl had written it.
Since there is very little association
between what Paul said and the King James
Version and what they published,
it's easy to see how people have been
misled by their product.
So that it is fresh in your mind,
Paul actually wrote, but to the contrary,
if we or a messenger out of heaven
conveys a healing messenger or beneficial
message to you,
which is approximately the same or
contrary to even positioned alongside what
we have delivered as a beneficial
messenger and announced as a healing
message to you,
then a curse with a dreadful consequence
exists.
Dreadful and deadful seem similar.
I don't know why I tripped over that,
but a curse with a dreadful consequence
exists.
You know,
if you're looking for someone with perfect
diction,
then you're not going to much like
listening to God because he does not value
perfect diction.
He doesn't value perfect anything.
He values being right.
being loyal, being supportive,
being observant,
being responsive and being reliable.
If you have disposed of your King James
Version for a New American Standard Bible,
the translation,
which claims to present a literal
rendering of the oldest Greek and Hebrew
manuscripts,
I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad
news.
It is not much better.
And it is as incongruent as the King
James Version,
and obviously little more than a revision
of its more popular predecessor.
It wrote,
but even if we or an angel from
heaven should preach to you a gospel
contrary to what we have preached to you,
he is to be accursed.
It's not what he wrote.
Again,
it was inappropriate to transliterate a
gallows angel,
but the crux of the issue here is
that the verb euangelio was rendered as
preach to you a gospel.
The first time it appears,
which was wrong linguistically,
and the second time the exact same verb
appears, it was simply rendered as preach,
as if euangelio was one of many Greek
words for speak, but it's not.
Recognizing that the vaulted and acclaimed
Nestle, Allen,
McReynolds in your linear reads,
but even if we or messenger from heaven
might tell good message to you from what
good message we ourselves told to you,
curse let there be.
The New International Version is equally
distant from the Greek.
But even if we or an angel from
heaven should preach a gospel other than
the one we preach to you,
let him be eternally condemned.
The common dissimilarity from the words
Paul actually penned,
combined with their similarity to one
another,
affirms that these translations are
actually revisions of one another.
The NILT, which we have learned,
the New Living Translation,
is nothing more than a loose paraphrase,
although exceedingly popular today among
Twistians, under the slogan,
the truth made clear.
It's, let God's curse fall on anyone,
including us,
or even an angel from heaven.
How about that for upending the message?
Who preaches a different kind of good news
than the one we preach to you?
That one's out there.
While preachers' good news would have been
a slightly more accurate translation of
the first occurrence of euangelizo,
demonstrating that the words themselves
are irrelevant to their presentation,
they translated the second euangelizo
differently this time without any
reference to different kind or good news,
or even the same exact word appeared twice
in the text.
Further,
the sentence order in the New Living
Translation was reversed and God's title
was outed without textual support.
In so doing,
the passage now infers that God is the
one cursing a specific individual or a
group of individuals as opposed to the
contrarian message existing as a curse.
Christian theologians are deliberately
being inconsistent because gospel and good
news are central to their theology.
Christendom is based upon these concepts.
It is as critical and as errant as
the doctrine of the Trinity in this
regard.
We find the following in King Jerome's
blend of old Latin manuscripts.
But if anyone,
even we ourselves or an Agelos from heaven
were to evangelize other than the one we
have evangelized to most to you,
then let him be Athema.
Okay.
Once again,
we find evidence that Jerome wasn't to
blame for the corruption of Evangelizo,
but he was to blame for the subsequent
treatment of Catholic heretics due to his
personalizing of the curse.
These translations, of course,
all affirm that Paul wanted his rivals to
be cursed.
And by his definition,
his opponents were those whose message was
contrary to his own.
As we will discover as we make our
way through his letter,
Sha'uwl's rivals will come to include Yahowah
and his prophets, Dowd and his people.
And while they all speak with one voice,
their message was contrary to Paul's.
And that is the bottom line.
So we will return to Paul's testimony,
continue to rip it to shreds,
to annul the entire credibility of
everything associated with Christendom in
our next program from the Rainbow Studio.
We thank you for listening.
I hope you enjoyed this broadcast.
Good day.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.